## 1997-Text1

It was 3:45 in the morning when the vote was finally taken. After six months of arguing and final 16 hours of hot parliamentary debates, Australias Northern Territory became the first legal authority in the world to allow doctors to take the lives of incurably ill patients who wish to die. The measure passed by the convincing vote of 15 to 10. Almost immediately word flashed on the Internet and was picked up, half a world away, by John Hofsess, executive director of the Right to Die Society of Canada. He sent it on via the groups on-line service, Death NET. Says Hofsess : We posted bulletins all day long, because of course this isnt just something that happened in Australia. Its world history.

The full import may take a while to sink in. The NT Rights of the Terminally Ill law has left physicians and citizens alike trying to deal with its moral and practical implications. Some have breathed sighs of relief, others, including churches, right-to-life groups and the Australian Medical Association, bitterly attacked the bill and the haste of its passage. But the tide is unlikely to turn back. In Australia -- where an aging population, life-extending technology and changing community attitudes have all played their part -- other states are going to consider making a similar law to deal with euthanasia. In the US and Canada, where the right-to-die movement is gathering strength, observers are waiting for the dominoes to start falling.

Under the new Northern Territory law, an adult patient can request death -- probably by a deadly injection or pill -- to put an end to suffering. The patient must be diagnosed as terminally ill by two doctors. After a cooling off period of seven days, the patient can sign a certificate of request. After 48 hours the wish for death can be met. For Lloyd Nickson, a 54-year-old Darwin resident suffering from lung cancer, the NT Rights of Terminally Ill law means he can get on with living without the haunting fear of his suffering: a terrifying death from his breathing condition. Im not afraid of dying from a spiritual point of view, but what I was afraid of was how Id go, because Ive watched people die in the hospital fighting for oxygen and clawing at their masks, he says.

### vocabulary

```en
take votes 投票
vote for 投票支持
vote against 投票反对
```

```en
argue 认为
quarrel 争吵
debate 争论
```

```en
parliamentary 国会
congress 议会
territory 领土
sovereignty 主权
reign 统治
end one's reign 结束某人统治
authority 当局
measure 法案，举措
the right to do sth 做某事的权力
executive 执行
chief executive offier CEO

```

```en
euthanasia 安乐死
physician assisted sucide
physical 身体的
phyician 内科医生
phyicial 体育
sucide 自杀
incurably 绝症患者
patients 患者
incurably-ill patients 绝症患者
late-stage patients 晚期患者
primary stage 初级阶段
terminal-ill patients 晚期患者
```

```en
convincing 令人信服的
convincing remarks 令人信服的言论
convincing arguments 令人信服的言论
be convincedthat__ 相信__

```

```en
a flash in the pan 昙花一现
purse / wallet 钱包
pick up 捡起，偶然遇到
society 协会，社会
Red cross society 红十字会
clubs / societies 社团，协会
dirctor 主案，导演
post bulletins 发帖
poster 海报
post office 邮局
bulletins 公告，公示
bullet 子弹
a while 一段时间

```

```en
import 进口,`含义`
meaning = import 含义
implication 含义
importance 意义
significance 重要性
```