# 1997-Text2

A report consistently brought back by visitors to the US is how friendly, courteous, and helpful most Americans were to them. To be fair, this observation is also frequently made of Canada and Canadians, and should best be considered North American. There are, of course, exceptions. Small-minded officials, rude waiters, and ill-mannered taxi drivers are hardly unknown in the US. Yet it is an observation made so frequently that it deserves comment.

For a long period of time and in many parts of the country, a traveler was a welcome break in an otherwise dull existence. Dullness and loneliness were common problems of the families who generally lived distant from one another. Strangers and travelers were welcome sources of diversion, and brought news of the outside world.

The harsh realities of the frontier also shaped this tradition of hospitality. Someone traveling alone, if hungry, injured, or ill, often had nowhere to turn except to the nearest cabin or settlement. It was not a matter of choice for the traveler or merely a charitable impulse on the part of the settlers. It reflected the harshness of daily life: if you didnt take in the stranger and take care of him, there was no one else who would. And someday, remember, you might be in the same situation.

Today there are many charitable organizations which specialize in helping the weary traveler. Yet, the old tradition of hospitality to strangers is still very strong in the US, especially in the smaller cities and towns away from the busy tourist trails. I was just traveling through, got talking with this American, and pretty soon he invited me home for dinner -- amazing. Such observations reported by visitors to the US are not uncommon, but are not always understood properly. The casual friendliness of many Americans should be interpreted neither as superficial nor as artificial, but as the result of a historically developed cultural tradition.

As is true of any developed society, in America a complex set of cultural signals, assumptions, and conventions underlies all social interrelationships. And, of course, speaking a language does not necessarily mean that someone understands social and cultural patterns. Visitors who fail to translate cultural meanings properly often draw wrong conclusions. For example, when an American uses the word friend, the cultural implications of the word may be quite different from those it has in the visitors language and culture. It takes more than a brief encounter on a bus to distinguish between courteous convention and individual interest. Yet, being friendly is a virtue that many Americans value highly and expect from both neighbors and strangers.

```txt
consistent 一直/一贯
constant 不变/时终
remain constant 保持不变
traveler/tourist/sightseer/visitor 游客
court 发原/宫廷/足球场
courteous 礼貌的
penalty 惩罚/刑罚
to be fair 公平地说
observation/comment/review/remark/report 言论/说法/评论
north American/Canada American
make observation 做评论
deserve 值得/应得
be ready to do 乐于做某事
dull 无聊的
otherwise 原本/本来
break in 闯入
aimlessness 茫然
commenluniversal 普通的
diversion 娱乐
entertainment 娱乐
amuse 娱乐
harsh 尖锐的
realities
frontier 边境
harsh remark 尖锐的评论
turn to sb 求助某人
cabin 小屋
impuse 冲动
charitable 慈善的
charity sale 义卖
enterain 款待
diversity 使多样化
flavor 风味
in view of 鉴于/考虑到
charitable organization 慈善组织
specialize in doing sth 专注做某事
specialize in 专于
weary/exhausted/trired 疲劳的
trails 线路
tourist 线路
pretty soon 很快
very/pretty/fairly/rather 相当
understand properly 理解正确
casual 随意地
superfical 肤浅的
artificial 假的
artificial teeth 假牙
artificial intelligence 人工智能
interpret 解释
interpret dream 解梦
the result of ~ 的产物
be sth to do with 与 ~ 相关
have much to do with 与 ~ 关系很大
have lettle to do with 与 ~ 没有关系
as is true of ang sth 和任何事情一样
assumption 观点
complex/complicated  复杂的
convention 惯例
assume 认为/假设
convenience 常规的
convenience measure 常规指标
convenience weapons 常规武器
nuclear 原子
underlie 构成 ~ 基础
not necessarily 未必
pattern 模式
fail to do sth 没能
cultural
brief 简短的
encounter 偶遇
individual interest 个人兴趣
distinguish between ~ and 区分 ~
more than 不仅仅是
expercise influence over 对 ~ 产生影响
have influence on
have impcat on
have effect 对 ~ 有影响
exercise control over 对 ~ 进行控制
manifest 出现
exclusiverly/only 仅仅
exclusive 仅仅/唯一
```
